Until "Tonight"?
Yeah.
Ah, I have no idea.
Just going as far as I can.
It's too short.
[They sing “PLAVE Island” in one breath]
Seriously.
Ah, right, it continues after this.
It's too short?
—Keep going as long as you can.
—For this one, hyung...
Hyung, you'll need to use
200% of your technique.
[They sing “PLAVE Island” in one breath]
Ah, this is...
Wow, this is...
This is impossible.
Oh, it's so...
Seriously. It's too easy, isn't it?
Wait a minute.
Okay, for now...
Yes.
I'll go last for now.
—Okay, okay.
—Ah, okay. Seriously...
—Should I go first?
—Sure. Okay.
[They quote the opening line of “PLAVE Island”]
—Totally.
—What should I do?
I just need to make a sound, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay.
I'll go right away.
[They sing “PLAVE Island” in one breath]
I won't last long.
Don't stop.
[They sing “PLAVE Island” in one breath]
That used up a lot of breath.
You made it pretty far!
My lungs almost burst.
—Wow, that's so good.
—Okay, okay.
—Okay, you made it that far.
—That far, yes.
If Yejun made it that far, then I...
Okay
Wow — I'll go. — Okay.
—I'll go.
—Okay. Starting right away.
I'll do it.
[They sing “PLAVE Island” in one breath]
It's hard, it's hard.
—No, hyung, that's not...
—Wait, hold on.
How can you laugh, hyung?
Ah, this...
Wait, isn't this illegal?
Wait—is that even legal?
No, no, why, why?
At least a note is coming out.
It is, actually.
—I'm clearly producing a note.
—Right, right.
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
Hey, but isn't that humming?
Wait, isn't this humming?
Technically, this is...
No, you have to count it.
Okay, but how can we count that?
—The note came out.
—Right. Okay.
The note came out, the note came out.
No, since we just need to sing...
—Ah, right, right, right.
—Okay, okay, okay.
I'll try again. Seriously.
—Hey!
—I'd started so well.
I'd have finished if I hadn't laughed.
Man, you've learned a lot.
You learned a lot from me.
For sure. You're soaking it all up.
Wow.
At this point, it's not just 100% skill.
You're pushing it to 120%.
He improvised it. He just improvised it.
Okay, okay. Wow, I...
Alright, let's go. Okay.
Seriously.
[They sing “PLAVE Island” in one breath]
This hyung is making me laugh.
Why, why, why, why, why?
Ah, why?
—No, you keep... right next to me...
—Hey, what's up?
I can't do it with that sound beside me.
Okay, okay. I'll stay behind.
—Oh, this is driving me crazy.
—Okay, okay, okay.
I'll stay behind. I'll stay back.
I'll stay back. I'll just
stay where you can't see me.
I should just give up, seriously.
I'll stay out of sight.
—I mean, even as I'm doing this...
—Oh, okay, okay.
How can I keep from laughing?
Okay, okay.
No, I mean...
If I can just hold that in, I can finish the song.
Being able to do that is the next level of skill.
It's a skill, it's a skill. -Yes. -It's a skill.
Okay, okay. Focus.
I'll do it.
One last time.
[They sing “PLAVE Island” in one breath]
Ah, I can't do it, I can't, I can't, ah
Ah, I can't hold back my laughter
There are side effects
Hey, wait No, you should sing it like a
song. You're not a mosquito or something
You keep buzzing
—Ah, this is...
—Isn't that just a gag?
Ah, I just can't do this
I can't stop laughing
—I mean, that...
—Ah, this...
It's because you're using too much right now.
I pushed it all the way to 120%.
Just using 100% would have been enough.
—Actually, singing like that was harder.
—Too much, yeah.
Okay, okay, okay.
—This is so funny.
—I can't...
Noah-hyung, show us how it's done.
Okay, okay.
I'll show you. Okay.
I'll cross my legs like this and go slowly.
Okay, okay.
I'll just do it smoothly.
I'll show you.
Okay.
This is so funny.
[They sing “PLAVE Island” in one breath]
I'll try again.
Why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why?
Hyung, you spent too much breath
on that syllable.
There was too much breath. Exactly.
—I let out too much. Too much.
—I felt it, I felt it.
No, on that syllable—
You let out about 30% right there.
Right there.
You needed to keep it tightly locked in.
I needed to lock it down much more.
You have to keep it tightly locked.
And for a moment, 'Huh?'
Around the next phrase...
Ah, this...
I realized I'd miscalculated.
So, I'll... I'll start over. Yes.
[They sing “PLAVE Island” in one breath]
I'll have to push it to 120%.
There's no other way.
[They sing “PLAVE Island” in one breath]
Ah, stop laughing already.
Hey.
Hey, this is a skill.
[Noah demonstrates the locked vocal technique]
Hey, wait a second.
Stop laughing.
—That's the skill.
—I'm crying!
It's so funny.
Wow.
I couldn't do it because of you...
Ah.
I'm tearing up.
Oh, man.
—Don't distract me.
—No, listen...
From the very beginning...
[Noah demonstrates his breath-saving pronunciation]
I wanted to conserve as much as possible.
Every bit of it.
How far are you trying to make it?
No, no.
Wow, this is incredible.
[Noah repeats the pronunciation]
Everything.
It was good, it was good.
—Ah, so much.
—It was good.
Ah, if we turn it up to 120,
it's impossible to sing.
Physically, it's impossible
to hold back the laughter.
—Man, this is driving me crazy.
—But seriously,
Don't laugh. Let me try this properly.
I really want to pull this off.
Okay, okay.
—Seriously.
—Let's keep our eyes closed.
—Yes, really.
—Okay, okay, okay.
Seriously. Ah, seriously.
Seriously.
I'm out of breath from laughing so much.
Let's just look into the distance.
Yeah, okay, okay.
Okay, okay, okay.
Here we go.
Hyung, you really can't laugh.
Okay, okay. Seriously.
Okay.
[They sing “PLAVE Island” in one breath]
The breath is leaking out.
[Singing continues]
Wow.
Whoa.
—I still had breath at the end.
—Right to the finish.
I tried to sing the last part properly.
Yeah, because there was breath left.
—You had breath left.
—Because I focused.
—It works when you focus.
—You had breath left.
It really worked.
That's amazing. Wow.
Let me try it once, too.
—One final try.
—Do it properly.
I really had breath left.
Okay, let me give it a go.
So you can just belt it out at the end.
Use up all your breath there.
I've learned the technique now.
Cue it right away.
Let's try it.
Hyung, want to try it too?
Okay.
[They sing “PLAVE Island” in one breath]
This is interesting.
It's not working.
Do you know why?
Want to know why?
The reason it's not working is...
In the middle, on that word...
Yes.
and the next one, right?
Did you let your breath out there?
You let it all out on that syllable.
Don't open up that syllable.
You need to keep the sound closed.
Exactly.
You see this?
When humming,
this sound,
Keep the next word closed. You're...
letting 5% of your breath
leak out each time.
Then you won't be able to sustain it.
Wow.
It's all about technique.
The airflow has to stay even.
Ah, there's definitely a trick to it.
—Don't let any breath out.
—This is hard.
This is hard.
And in the middle,
It was good how you compressed
that later phrase.
Right—that kind of trick is necessary.
Ah.
Is that where my breath leaked?
Yes, around there.
And in the final phrase...
you have almost no breath to spare.
Should it sound like this?
Mine all escaped at once.
You have to learn to control those parts.
Wow, that's incredible.
—Yejun...
—I'll give you that.
Yejun, do you want to give it a try?
I'll give it a try.
Lock it all up.
Yes, lock it all up and...
Save as much breath as possible.
Keep the volume low.
[They sing “PLAVE Island” in one breath]
Hold on a second.
I'm getting ahead of myself.
That was too quiet.
No sound is going to come out at all.
I'll do it again.
Ah, let's go one more time.
Air leaks whenever you pronounce
an ‘s’ sound.
You have to avoid releasing that ‘s’.
—So I skip it?
—Yes.
[They sing “PLAVE Island” in one breath]
Already lost 10%.
—This is hard.
—The reason is...
The reason it's not working is...
Yes.
Yejun locked the airflow well, but...
but in the sound, it already...
Oh, did it leak out?
It's the breath path. The path.
It's not the breath.
Send the sound backward.
The opening phrase has to
follow this vocal path.
You have to go this way. Just lock it all in.
Yeah, you can do it if you go that way.
—Like this.
—Keep it completely locked.
Wow, this is hard.
You have to lock it completely
—So this is...
—the locked vocal technique.
Are you giving up?
I need to practice this.
Eunho, do you give up too?
I give up.
—Wow
—Okay
So that was the locked vocal technique.
I have to acknowledge this technique.
[Noah demonstrates the breath-saving pronunciation]
Yes.
With this technique...
I feel like, honestly,
I could sing the first verse of most songs.
Wow, the first verse?
—I think I could do it in one breath.
—Wow, seriously.
Let's pick up the pace
with a song we know.
Let's do the first verse of a familiar song then.
Yeah. Shall we sing a song?
Let's quickly divide the parts.
Shall we do 'The Road to Me'?
By Sung Si-kyung sunbaenim?
—How about a producer-line version?
—Sounds good.
—Oh, okay.
Okay.
—They requested this earlier.
—Shall we listen?
There were a lot of requests.
Okay, 'The Road to Me'.
[They sing a requested song]
Isn't this song so good?
The song is really good.
[They sing a requested song]
—Okay.
—I really like this song.
And about Soobin-sunbaenim...
I mentioned it on Bubble.
Yes.
Since that 'Bias of my Bias' moment.
—You're close with Soobin-sunbaenim.
—Right.
—Right, you're close.
—Yes, we're friends now, so...
Thank you for always doing our challenges.
The song is really good.
TXT sunbaenims, seriously...
—Shall we listen?
—We love you!
[They listen to “The Road to Me”]
You two hyungs pick first.
Huh? How did we do it earlier?
There we go.
[They listen to “The Road to Me”]
Should I sing right away?
Uh, no.
[They listen to “The Road to Me”]
Make it a bit louder here too.
Ah, okay.
[They listen to “The Road to Me”]
You want us to use the backing track?
That wouldn't be just one line, would it?
Just, well...
Okay. Is there a part you want to sing?
Sure.
Sounds good.
Which part do you want to sing?
I don't mind.
Me neither.
Anything works.
Let's take one section each.
Okay, quick handoffs.
Okay. Sounds good.
[They listen to “The Road to Me”]
I think we just need to decide who starts.
Then Yejun-hyung can...
[Yejun sings his opening cue]
Okay, start us off.
[They perform “The Road to Me”]
I got it wrong. That's not how it goes.
[Singing]